yeah why don't we start with this and
with this we begin to comment on the news
that I have to give you okay Well it's not
news as such Maybe in a
few
days Maybe in a few days I have to
tell you Okay I have to
think of one Well let's see what
happened okay It turns out that
this is announced Twitch raises the price of
subscriptions in more than 30 countries and
Spain is one of those affected So the
subscription now on Twitch will
cost c turkeys and it's an increase of 1
euro it's an increase of 1 euro but in
which the streamer continues to take the
same of course here the good thing would be if they
left several levels like on YouTube
But well the thing would be that
they raise it to take more but
the streamer continues to take the
same okay we have here a
bit of a video of Alex El capo
talking about the subject let's see what he
says what do you think of kik which I think is a
[ __ ] shitty platform necessary well
Alex El capo thinks it's a [ __ ] shitty
platform no  I know why because to me it
seems like it's a carbon copy of Twitch
competition, not that competition, for
example, we need competition but
not that competition. I don't understand why
so much that let's see how I say this so that
later there aren't
cries, many people started on Twitch during
the pandemic, the pandemic started and made
a life based on what was happening in the
pandemic. But that's not real, my opinion has
always been that you are not a streamer in
the sense of: Don't quit your job or your
studies until you earn steadily or
consistently 3 or 4,000 euros, heo, it's a
factor, this is a factor. Look, I've
met a lot of people who, oh, I'm
out of place here in the corner, yeah. I've
met a lot of people who have done
well for a while due to a
specific issue, okay, even to the point of
becoming self-employed, okay. And that you
are not a person who is going to make a living from the
networks, you are not a person who has neither
the charisma nor the ease nor a
community formed to make a living from the
networks, but maybe you have been
earning 2 or 3,000 euros for about  how many
months for a specific issue and
when the issue is over
mm you are no longer able to recover and you
are there scraping together 200 bucks
from here plus 100 of this plus 100 of that
and you feel super overwhelmed okay so I mean
you quit your job you quit your job
to focus on this being your
profession okay it has to go really well it has to
go very very very well okay
and I I think that more or less when I
quit things
came to me in a different way because
I got an illness uh with which I
had many months of sick leave and so what happened
to me was that when I was off
those months of base of sick leave okay
those months of sick leave well I dedicated myself more to
YouTube okay stutterer didn't do very
well stutterer didn't do very well I do
n't know what numbers stutterer handles the
truth is I don't follow him or watch him or anything but I do
n't know if he makes a lot on Twitch
okay he has 700,000 views let's see
700,000 views is relative okay because
nowadays it is very difficult nowadays it is
very difficult to know if a person earns
a lot of money or not seeing the visits that you have
monthly okay because I can
tell you that with what I have seen social
blaz of 1 million 1 million 200,000
visits that maybe it is generating
11,000 for the person I can guarantee you that I have seen
social
blaz of people that Social blaz is 1
million 1000 visits and generates the turkey or
the turkey
11,000 Why Well because it has many
members it has many super grace or
because all the videos are very long
okay maybe all the videos are very
long they are videos of half an hour 40
minutes 50 minutes with many ads
in between it has a community that
has those who really like the videos
because they are engaging and it has a good
audience retention and every day
in each video earns 200 or 300 bucks n that the
video has you know what I'm saying I mean it
's very relative I mean because it's what you
say  Okay, 7 feel 1000
monthly visits how much money is this I have no [ __ ]
idea let's see if it's a channel that uploads
videos okay, I mean I think this will be
1000 bucks why do I believe it because it's a
video that I mean it's a channel the one of
tartaja that are extracts of live shows
like javir canijo's okay they are
extracts of live shows like javir
canijo's it doesn't have members or donations
because the live shows are on
Twitch there what it uploads are simply the extracts
and well, it has an average of
between 5 10 15000 depending on 20 30
sometimes I don't think these are
the gossip that it deals with and they also
tend to be very eh Very latan
very latan Okay so I understand
that here at most they will go for 1000
bucks I don't know maybe I'm wrong
that they are 3000 I don't know okay
eh what can I tell you telesalseo telesalseo
a video with 100000 views could be in
telesalseo well no telesalseo look I'm
going to put the main channel the
main channel a video of 100,000 views
on the main channel well it
's easily 400 bucks there's a video
of 200,000 views Which is 1000
bucks Why because of the type of audience that
I have which is not the same as that of the
salsería and which is not the same as
telesalseo The one on the main channel is more
from North America mostly from the United
States and others okay eh And a lot of Spanish
after North America telesalseo full
Spain and the salsería is half latan
half Spain but man more latan a
little more latan okay then taja can
live off this Well yes, add this plus
what he has from Twitch then it's worth it Okay
but I don't know the truth if it will be a no I don't
know if it's a profile you can never know
that okay I don't know if it's a profile enough to
have that security okay
until you earn 3 or 4000 euros
constant roll for at least a year
no no I mean don't quit your job these
things  they fluctuate a lot a lot and it's not the
same to have a good year as to have an
online career it's not the same to have
numbers for a few months as to have an
audience a lot of people have made up
movies that they think they're streamers or they think they're
youtubers in the sense that they
think it's their job because it's
been for a few months or a Yes I
know some that go around saying that they
have a that they are
professional youtubers that they are you know And also
you hear them talk to their friends or they
tell you things and no no because this
is my job I don't know what and they talk to you as
if it were you know and you say you [ __ ] dude you
have 500 viewers live you
know but well each one each one has a
time and they have built a life that
is not real So when all that is
shaken up not because of them in part
because Twitch changes or because
YouTube changes or Because a thousand things change the
option they see is to run forward I
mean I'm going I'm going to kiik because
Kick gives you a higher percentage guys if they do
n't see you on Twitch if your problem is that you ca
n't make a living from Twitch because you don't
see enough people on Twitch You  Do you
think people are going to see you on Kik, but if
100 people see you on Twitch,
10 will see you? Of course, but if we're talking
about those, let's see what you're doing on
Kick, it's for a person who has 2,000
viewers,
worth 500 viewers, it's not much, man, for you to
dedicate yourself to this professionally, yes, the
truth is, not much, not very little.
That's so that you have your job, your
profession, and then you have this as
a hobby that you like and that you earn some
extra money from, but for you to leave your job, whatever
you have fixed, you know, like what
your mortgage pays and such, with 500
viewers, man, the truth is
that you're an idiot, you know if you're going to take the risk
for that, but here we're not talking
about you going here with 100
viewers to see if you can scratch
a few more euros, here we're talking about
a person who has 1,000, 2,000, 3,000
viewers and who is
earning 3,000 bucks on Twitch and there they earn 10, you
know, and that's not going to be of any use to you?
955 it's not going to help you at all, I mean the
problem with people who go to Kick their
problem is that you don't see enough
people which is not going to be solved By
going to Kick what you should do is
have an audience look for it I'm not saying it's
easy it's not at all but it's much
smarter to upload things to
YouTube YouTube is a platform that
monetizes superb what you need is for
enough people to see you in general
to support yourself comfortably there are
many people who do not accept it anyway it's time
to return to the afterlife because this was
a mirage of one or two years no and there are
many people who do not accept that this is not
because I mean this is not like this is not the
this This does not mean
that the fact that you
mm try it, I mean there are people
who believe that this is a right
there are people who believe that this is a
right and that Eh well that you have
created the account and that you are talking
about the same topics as auron Play Coño
That if you are talking about the same
topics you have to have the same the
same Well I, I've heard people
say  Hey I don't know what's happening to my channel
that I'm uploading the same videos as
x people with
300,000 views per video and I'm
uploading my same videos the
same topics and I don't have any views
man let's see it doesn't depend it's that
maybe people don't like to see you
okay maybe there are people who do
n't like to see you that people don't
like to see you it's that you have to have
people get hooked on you that want to
look when you but the fact is that here we are
talking about different things this
has nothing to do with the escape from kik
whether here we are talking about who
can dedicate themselves to this or not Look at a
person who has to go begging
their followers or begging on the internet or
such spamming and things begging to be
seen Give me one here you can hear under
my microphone or the video
can be heard below me Hello hello hello
if you have to ask please to be
seen they are going
wrong You know when you can dedicate yourself to
this when
people are asking you to do
live, I mean I have all [ __ ] day
people everywhere  are you going to do a
live stream today today live today live Hey,
let's open it Hey live Hey, what time
Hey, are you going to upload a video
That's because people are crazy because
because I connected and if I go away for two days they're on
me Hey, come on, I'm
bored yes I am no, it's not like that, of course, we
all The twilight of our
online life will come to me first Yes, of course, me,
but with the bank account since
you [ __ ] yourself no, well, over here We
also have Gref who also said he's
leaving And by the way, this is a long story what I'm
going to tell you, I've unbanned
everyone but I've given a new
chance to everyone who was
banned on the channel and the best thing is that I
couldn't do it manually, I had to
talk to Twitch and tell them Hey, look, either
unban everyone from my channel Or I'm
going to Kick doing this, they have accessed
internally, they have unbanned everyone
But I'll go to Kick anyway
In fact, I'm negotiating with them and I
think that by next month we'll
be streaming on the green platform,
let's go How is my
favorite streamer okay
eh we have to
talk We have to
talk What an ugly thing gre has in his
head by
the way I was talking to
well last night I was talking to
uncle sh and this morning he was
explaining to me and so on a little bit not that
stuff that you told me yesterday
and [ __ ] he's been explaining to me a little bit
of what the thing is about and of course I didn't
know that I didn't know eh of course It turns out
that this let's see I don't see it as something that
can be for life I see it
as something that maybe is a
season of a year 2 years then they
take it away then they put it back But well it was also
said about 95 yes
we told you Javi okay okay let's see it turns out that it
is apart from the fact that you earn more for
the donation
okay apart from the fact that you earn more for the
donation in Yes it's worth because you keep
practically almost everything that
people spend member
okay And in gift of members and so on eh
apart from that or they can give you a
contract or they pay you by audience
okay
eh I was I was not only talking
to sh I was also talking to
some  the more creators that are
there it's worth it
And and
of course it would have to be that we had an
audience I also
tell you it would also have to be that we
had an
audience
So what do you think we could have
there because of course there for me to get
an
interesting figure it would have to be that we
were there What do I tell you an average
of 1000
viewers an average of 1000 viewers
If you go there
suddenly you're going to have 500 viewers do you think you think
500 no don't
you think you can we can
have eh I mean clear There is one there is one there is
an important thing it is not done
multistream we would not be on Twitter we would not be on
Twitch we would not be on
Twitch or on
YouTube 1000 I don't think
mm do you think it's
not difficult because it will depend on the
topics that you get in that time Of course
but well that's like here here
we in the channels depend on
the topics
so here what you have is that if you
are live on YouTube and you are
talking about X topic people are coming
but on kik no matter how good the topic is
how do you get along  There people
have to be people who have downloaded
Kik and are browsing on Kik it's not the
same as YouTube the thing about growing
happens to me a bit like with Yun eh I don't
finish it I debre it's not the same because there
are many more people who are using
Kick but of course
[Music]
H The thing is that it could be an
interesting payment it could be an interesting payment
then I tell you the I tell you the
possibility there are few days where
we are 700 we almost don't reach
1000 let's see here we are 2000 every
night not 10000 20000
And counting YouTube only because counting
the others I think an average of 1000
Yeah no you guys see it as
crazy But there's a thing I
won't
leave YouTube I won't leave YouTube and the thing about
the YouTube members that We just put it up I
won't leave it either I mean the
thing would be that yes let's see I'm talking
to them okay I'm talking to them
I'm talking to I'm talking to
kik let's see what the conditions are and
what the  moves I still don't have
anything decided or anything but man what I
do have clear is that the live shows
for members would stay here, that
the members again send it to
hell no I mean even if we do the
live show on kiik here the
entire live shows for members will still stay and the
extracts and the summary format
too
no no Valeria you can't do both you ca
n't do both you can't
do multistream if you have a contract
you have an agreement with them you can't
do
both you understand
So well we don't lose anything by
trying if they're going to pay us well yes they're
going to pay me good money also I
tell you in telesalseo no way
obviously
in telesalseo no
way Javi your audience is going to migrate
with you because it's a Select audience
like Dallas and another me for example I
only look at you
okay It's not that in telesalseo you're not going to
take all the ladies there telesalseo
the ladies are not going to go they're not
going to go to see you kiik that's already
unthinkable I mean the first thing  we have to
talk the
first thing we have to talk about is that of
course they have to understand that I
have another audience thanks to this that
I have another audience where I'm going to
continue that that audience can't
move okay
eh And then man the kids if they leave
Here and wherever I go I understand we haven't been in
you know what the
[ __ ] But how What How that I doubt because I
doubt that Kick will roll with my internet but
yes But how are you not going to roll Kick I
mean if I We have been here in
ki and ki works [ __ ]
great kiik is
horrible
Yes it will be a matter of what it reports to you
man sisuka according to what they have
told me it is eh
important let's go In fact it's not that
I say it or what they have told me eh There are
many creators who are talking about the
subject and they are showing what is
charged in one place and what is charged in
another I think it would be an
important economic change Javi you Remember what
happened to you when you tried to go to
Twitch now but it is not the same because
Twitch is not the same It is not the
same I do not know the truth I have to
think about it I have it  to think But the
change It's that the change is
important the
economic change is important and in the end m
leaving YouTube for the
members
Not leaving the live shows leaving
YouTube for the members what would be the
problem
Paqui how
lazy But kiik is already a safe floor no
if someone as big as gref is already
going Sure yes
Exactly I mean I don't see it like
no it's not you know it's not you know do you
understand tesa would be happy another point
Hey tesa hasn't been here today eh Not even on
telesalseo So the members
who want to be live but don't
want to Download kik what What will we do?
Well, go to kiik Karime or watch the
live show
eh for members of course I
don't know the
truth I have to think about it Eh I
have to
think about it did you see uncle sh's tweet Javi
is super strong what tweet I'm
thinking about it eh I'm thinking about it I still have to think about it a
lot I don't know what what will I
do
eh Let's see the only thing that's going to change is the
live broadcast
the only thing that's going to change is the
live broadcast because as I
told you Oh okay about uncle Sur  Aiden sent it to me
now we'll see it I'll
tell you the full live streams I still
put them for the
members Just for you if I were to go to kik it's
all business Javi Congratulations on
those new
opportunities well well well think about it
let's think about it eh look right now there are
like 2000 people here between
Twitter twit and
YouTube of course we would have to unify it
into one but of course not all of them would go to
all I don't know the truth I don't know the truth
we have to give it a turn Javi Cry
already has 6000 but Cry was having
9000 in the last 8 live streams
9000 I mean Cry no don't sell it to me as
if Cry has passed 60,000 or 700,000 and
the 6000 cay was already having 8000 in the
last live streams let's see but if we
have it very easy How much does uncle
south have Uncle South How much does he have He doesn't have an
average of
1000 I think that the average of 1000 more or
less  I ask for more, eh, I don't ask for more
either, eh, with the average of 1000 it would already be
quite interesting Javi, are you
afraid of change? It's that we
never stand still, man, in the end you
decide things and you do things
but you never stay still, but of course
things come up and many times you have to take advantage,
many times you have to take advantage,
so, well, with whatever I
decide, with whatever I decide, let's leave
the subject here, we have to see other
things, with whatever I
decide, we'll see and I'll
announce it to you, okay, a month's trial, it wouldn't
be several, obviously it
would be several. I do
n't
know, let's see.